Documentation fixes (#1573)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/getting-started/cli-guide.md

* **Load Program**: The first step is to load the eBPF Program (or Programs) using the
  `bpfman load` command.
  The programs can be from a locally built eBPF program (.o file) or an eBPF program
  packaged in an OCI container image from a given registry.
  Once the command completes successfully, the eBPF programs are loaded in kernel memory,

>   but have not been attached to any hook points, yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but have not yet been attached to any hook points.
```

* **Attach Program**: The next step is to attach a loaded eBPF Program to a hook point
  using the `bpfman attach` command.
  Each program type (kprobe, tc, tracepoint, xdp, etc) has unique hook points and unique
  configuration data which is provided with the attach command.

>   Once attached, the eBPF Program will be called if its hook point is triggered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Once attached, the eBPF Program will be called when its hook point is triggered.
```

Author: I love how I managed to fix a ' and then removed the full stop ;)

not been attached to any hook points yet (see [bpfman attach](#bpfman-attach)).
If the bytecode file contains multiple eBPF programs, they should be loaded in a single
command by passing multiple <TYPE\>:<NAME\> pairs to the `--programs` parameters.

> They need to be loaded in one command so that each of those eBPF programs can share any global
> data and maps between the eBPF programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They need to be loaded in a single command so that each of the eBPF programs can share any global data and maps between them.
```
